hi this is Joan and I'm still up at the
crater and Haleakala in Maui and I've
just taught a few classes on on Maui
helping people to tap into their inner
power and especially a focus on healing
yourself and I've been working with
hundreds of people around the world to
help them tap into the power of their
mind through their beliefs and really
it's being proven not only from the past
of our ancient spiritual culture but
also through scientists of today people
like Bruce Lipton he's a PhD who was a
university professor at Wisconsin and a
cellular biologist and through his book
he's biology of beliefs he has shown
that we are not destined to our genes
we're not victims of her genes but that
we are actually divine beings that are
able to use the power of our beliefs to
change and manifest what's going on in
our body so I want to share with those
of you who may have diseases that are
really life-threatening and what may be
called incurable to maybe look at it in
a different way I just had a gentleman
here on Maui who was diagnosed with
stage four lymphatic leukemia and she
killed himself and he said incurable
should really be described as curable
from within and I believe that to be
true and I've seen people do it I've
done it myself with tumors in my uterus
I've done it myself avoiding multiple
more knee surgeries I had four of them
and I love sharing the process of
helping people to tap in their mind so
that they can do it themselves that is
why I'm here on the planet is to help
for my own conscious evolution to raise
my own consciousness and connect my
spiritual self and to share that with
others so if you're going through some
pretty serious health issues I invite
you to continue your journey of really
looking within take all the resources
you
and and find all those people that it
will help you tap into the power because
that I think is it is the missing link
and if you're going through standard
medical procedures which is wonderful as
well remember that your beliefs and the
power of your mind can help those to be
even more effective so I invite you to
to just give that a little bit thought
and please remember that you're a divine
and that the wisdom to heal yourself is
no further than looking inside so thank
you for joining me
namaste